README.md, before:

# Django 6 CRUD Example + Bootstrap 5

The following is an example of CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) in Django 6.

There are 2 CRUD applications, one uses function-based views (FBV) and the other
uses class-based views (CBV).

## Requirements:
```
Django==6.0.2
Python>=3.12
```

## Run the following commands in sequence to deploy the project to a development environment:

```bash
Creating a Python 3 virtual environment:

1. Update the package list:

$ sudo apt update

2. Install python3-venv

$ sudo apt install python3-venv

3. Create the virtual environment:

$ python3 -m venv my_environment

4. Activate the environment:

$ source my_environment/bin/activate
```

Now install de Requirements

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt

$ cp Django_6_crud/settings.py_example Django_6_crud/settings.py

$ python manage.py makemigrations person product

$ python manage.py migrate

$ python manage.py runserver
```

## Test the project:

Open your browser to http://127.0.0.1:8000 and you'll see the Django 6 CRUD
application for managing people records.

## Image

![1.png](1.png "1.png")

![2.png](2.png "2.png")

![3.png](3.png "3.png")

![4.png](4.png "4.png")

Commit message:

feat(Django/Ninja): Added Django Ninja in project and added examples to load data from API.

README.md, after:

# Django 6 CRUD Example + Bootstrap 5 + Django Ninja

The following is an example of CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) in Django 6.

In this project you can test:

Function-Based Views (FBV): The traditional approach using standard Python
functions.

Class-Based Views (CBV): A more structured, object-oriented approach using
Django's built-in generic views.

Django Ninja: A fast, modern way to build APIs using Python type hints and
automatic OpenAPI documentation.

## Requirements:
```
Django==6.0.2
django-ninja==1.5.3
Python>=3.12
```

## Run the following commands in sequence to deploy the project to a development environment:

```bash
Creating a Python 3 virtual environment:

1. Update the package list:

$ sudo apt update

2. Install python3-venv

$ sudo apt install python3-venv

3. Create the virtual environment:

$ python3 -m venv my_environment

4. Activate the environment:

$ source my_environment/bin/activate
```

Now install de Requirements

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt

$ cp Django_6_crud/settings.py_example Django_6_crud/settings.py

$ python manage.py makemigrations person product

$ python manage.py migrate

$ python manage.py loaddata person.json

$ python manage.py runserver
```

## Test the project:

Open your browser to http://127.0.0.1:8000 and you'll see the Django 6 CRUD
application for managing people records.

## Test the API of Django Ninja:

Open your browser to: http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/docs/

From that interface (Swagger), you can:

- View all your endpoints.

- Click "Test it" and test all the methods.

- Send a JSON object to create a person and see the response in real time.

- List people http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/person/

- Get people http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/person/{person_id}
